Feature/collab response (#44)
DUNE/dune_plot_style: guidelines.md

  See [recommendations](#recommendations) below for further advice on what this might mean in practice.
- **Be labelled with the appropriate watermark** (typically one of the following:
  DUNE, DUNE Preliminary, DUNE Work In Progress, DUNE Simulation).
- **Be saved in at least in one vector-based format** (e.g., pdf or eps),  
  and **at least one high-quality raster-based format** (e.g., png).

## Recommendations

> These items listed here are recommendations, but not strictly enforced. Plots should be internally consistent within documents, and other considerations or strong personal preferences can supersede the recommendations.

Reviewer: I think this is redundant with the text added in lines 18-20 about what "requirements" vs "recommendations" mean.  I'm hesitant to include _more_ disclaimers here, because it will dilute the strength of our recommendations (we really do want people to use them in general!).  Maybe we should move the "internally consistent" part to a "Requirement" though?

Author: Very fair, I'd added this when we were both editing and didn't catch the duplication on a read through, we can remove. Agreed on making internal consistency a requirement.

Author: Done!

- Prefer embedding relevant information in plot axes or annotations inside the figure itself,
  rather than using plot titles (above the top of the figure). The latter are often overlooked.
- Ensure all numbers shown have only a reasonable number of significant figures.   
  Prefer readability over extra information.
- Avoid large empty regions in plots. (Rescale axes as necessary.)
- Strive to avoid jargon as much as possible. For instance: use “simulation” or “sim.” instead of “MC”.
- Consider whether using seperate statistical and systematic error bars make sense in the context of your plot.
- Prefer using error bands for simulation and error bars for data. 
- Where appropriate, add explicit identifying information of the plot (eg Year, POT).
- When comparing to external datasets, ensure that DUNE is highlighted.
- Avoid ROOT's default statistics box. Instead, pull out any pertinent information and add it, properly formatted, to the plot.

### Event Displays
- Add Run/Subrun/Event and date text overlaying event display.
- Overlay DUNE logo.
- Use standardized rainbow colour scheme (blue-green-yellow-red).

### Font and font size

> - Use a sans serif font (e.g. Helvetica is setup with this package).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use a sans serif font (e.g. Helvetica is set up with this package).
```
typo
